# dataModel.Alert
This entity models an alert and could be used to send alerts related to traffic jam, accidents, weather conditions, high level of pollutants and so on. T he purpose of the model is to support the generation of notifications for a user or trigger other actions, based on such alerts.
An alert is generated by a specific situation. The main features of an alert is that it is not predictable and it is not a recurrent data. That means that an alert could be an accident or a high level of pollutants measure, additionally it could a patient falling over or a car driving in the wrong direction on a highway.
Some examples of context data are type of alert (traffic, weather, security, and pollution, etc.), severity, location and so on.

The following entity types are available:
- [alert](https://github.com/smart-data-models/dataModel.Alert/blob/master/alert/README.md). This entity models an alert and could be used to send alerts related to traffic
jam, accidents, weather conditions, high level of pollutants and so on. The
purpose of the model is to support the generation of notifications for a user or
trigger other actions, based on such alerts.

An alert is generated by a specific situation. The main features of an alert is
that it is not predictable and it is not a recurrent data. That means that an
alert could be an accident or a high level of pollutants measure, additionally
it could be the fall down of a patient or a car driving in the opposite
direction.

Some examples of context data are: type of alert (traffic, weather, security,
and pollution, etc.), severity, location and so on



[Link](https://github.com/smart-data-models/dataModel.Alert/blob/master/CONTRIBUTORS.yaml) to the 4 current contributors of the data models of this Subject.

You can raise an [issue](https://github.com/smart-data-models/dataModel.Alert/issues) or submit your [PR](https://github.com/smart-data-models/dataModel.Alert/pulls) on existing data models


